CS-11412: Avoid special characters in config (#2203)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/update_and_migration/migrate_to_ibexa_dxp/common_issues.md

php bin/console ezplatform:images:normalize-path
```

!!! note

>     If you have a corrupted path detected, check if you have special character in the `var_dir` configuration.

Author: I don't know if it's the place for a fix. Anyway, there is no official fix yet. I have a way to fix this but we should wait for a more mature solution and integrate it in another PR iteration.

```suggestion
    If you have a corrupted path detected, check if you have special character in the `var_dir` configuration.
    If you have a special char, to fix it, you must:
    - In the configuration, remove the special character from the `var_dir` value.
    - On the file system, rename the directory to remove the special character.
    - In the database, update `ezimagefile` to replace `ezimagefile.filepath` column to remove the special character.
```

>     If you have a corrupted path detected, check if you have special character in the `var_dir` configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
    If you have a corrupted path detected, check if you have hidden characters in the `var_dir` configuration.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have a corrupted path detected, check if you have special/Unicode character in the `var_dir` configuration.
```

Author: ```suggestion
    If you have a corrupted path detected, check if you have special or Unicode character in the `var_dir` configuration.
```

> !!! note
> 
>     If you have a corrupted path detected, check if you have special or Unicode character in the `var_dir` configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! note "Special characters"

    If a corrupted path is detected, check the `var_dir` configuration for any special or Unicode characters.
```
